okay I gotta go thanks for taking care
of her dad she loves having you around
it at the bottom of the ball really your
mom ever tell you drill
papaw home on the graze amusement parks
of all time those days were different
there weren't so many rules
your mom would come for the summer she
was the voice of reason here's a
lifeguard should we keep facing the
water let God sort em out what's our
attendance today down about 45% what I
suppose you've probably heard you got
some competition in town they got roller
coasters and a chairlift that actually
works this is our home
can't just like somebody take it what
this place needs is an excitement enema
we're gonna make this place fast and
loose every ride
every attraction no laws must be
just pure fun that sounds kind of
dangerous let's see what this baby can
do
[Music]
we need some to do these little bastards
like a petting zoo hold my beer
[Applause]
[Music]
not as younger I could do or these
attack
[Music]
you